The original theory of relativity is based upon the premise that all coordinate systems in relative uniform translatory motion to each other are equally valid and equivalent for the description of the laws of nature. When viewed from experience, this theory gains its main support from the fact that when we carry out experiments on earth we do not have the slightest indication that the earth moves around the sun with a considerable velocity. But the confidence we have in relativity theory also has another root. One cannot easily close one's mind to the following consideration. When K' and K are two coordinate systems in relative uniform translatory motion to each other, then these systems are completely equivalent from a kinematic point of view. We, therefore, look in vain to find a sufficient reason why one system should be more suitable as a system of reference for the formulation of laws of nature than another. Instead, we feel urged to postulate the equivalence of both systems. But this argument immediately spawns a counterargument. The kinematic equivalence of these two coordinate systems is by no means limited to the case where the two systems K and K' are in uniform translatory motion to each other. From the kinematic aspect, this equivalence also obtains, i.e., just as well, when both systems rotate uniformly relative to each other. One feels pressed toward the idea that the existing theory of relativity is in need of a considerable generalization such that the apparently unjust preference for uniform translatory motion over other relative motions has to be eliminated from the theory. Everyone who studied this subject in detail must feel the desire for such an extension of the theory. At first glance it appears that such extension of the theory of relativity would have to be rejected on physical grounds. Because: let there be a coordinate system K that is admissible in the sense of Galilei-Newton, and another system K' which is in uniform rotation relative to K; centrifugal forces will then act on masses which are at rest relative to K' while the masses which are at rest relative to K do not suffer such forces. Already Newton viewed this as proof that the rotation of K' had to be interpreted as "absolute"; in other words, that K' cannot claim the same right as K to be considered "at rest." This argument, however, is-as especially E. Mach has shown-not cogent. This is because we need not necessarily derive the existence of centrifugal forces from a motion of K'; instead, we can just as well derive them from the averaged rotational movement of distant ponderable masses in the environment, but relative to K', thereby treating K' as "at rest." If the Newtonian laws of mechanics and gravitation do not allow for such interpretation, it may well be founded in deficiencies of this theory. The following important argument also speaks in favor of a relativistic interpretation. The centrifugal force which acts under given conditions upon a body is determined by precisely the same natural constant that also gives its action in a gravitational field. In fact, we have no means to distinguish a "centrifugal field" from a gravitational field. We thus always measure as the weight of a body on the surface of the earth the superposed action of both fields named above; and we cannot separate their actions. In this manner, the point of view to interpret the rotating system K' as at rest and the centrifugal field as a gravitational field gains justification by all means. This interpretation is reminiscent of the one in the original (more special) theory of relativity where the ponderomotive acting force, upon an electrically charged mass which moves in a magnetic field, is the action of that electric field which is found at the location of the mass as seen by a reference system at rest with the moving mass. From what has been said, one already sees that gravitation must play a fundamental role in any theory of relativity that is extended along the lines we have indicated above. After all, if one changes by a mere transformation from one system of reference K to another one of K', then there exists a gravitational field relative to K' which relative to K need not be there at all. There arises the natural question: which systems of reference and which transformations should be considered as "admissible" in a generalized theory of relativity? This question can only be answered much later. For the time being we take the position to admit all coordinate systems and transformations that are compatible with the conditions of continuity, as is always demanded for theories in physics. It will turn out that the theory of relativity allows for a rather far-reaching generalization that is free of almost any arbitrariness.



There exists a profound formal difference between the theoretical conceptions physicists have formed about gasses and other ponderable bodies, and Maxwell's theory of electromagnetic processes in so-called empty space. While we conceive of the state of a body as being completely determined by the positions and velocities of a very large but nevertheless finite number of atoms and electrons, we use continuous spatial functions to determine the electromagnetic state of a space, so that a finite number of quantities cannot be considered as sufficient for the complete description of the electromagnetic state of a space. According to Maxwell's theory, energy is to be considered as a continuous spatial function for all purely electromagnetic phenomena, hence also for light, while according to the current conceptions of physicists the energy of a ponderable body is to be described as a sum extending over the atoms and electrons. The energy of a ponderable body cannot be broken up into arbitrarily many, arbitrarily small parts, while according to Maxwell's theory (or, more generally, according to any wave theory) the energy of a light ray emitted from a point source of light spreads continuously over a steadily increasing volume. The wave theory of light, which operates with continuous spatial func- tions, has proved itself splendidly in describing purely optical phenomena and will probably never be replaced by another theory. One should keep in mind, however, that optical observations apply to time averages and not to momentary values, and it is conceivable that despite the complete confirmation of the theories of diffraction, reflection, refraction, dispersion, etc., by exper- iment, the theory of light, which operates with continuous spatial functions, may lead to contradictions with experience when it is applied to the phenomena of production and transformation of light. Indeed, it seems to me that the observations regarding "black-body radiation," photoluminescence, production of cathode rays by ultraviolet light, and other groups of phenomena associated with the production or con- version of light can be understood better if one assumes that the energy of light is discontinuously distributed in space. According to the assumption to be contemplated here, when a light ray is spreading from a point, the energy is not distributed continuously over ever-increasing spaces, but consists of a finite number of energy quanta that are localized in points in space, move without dividing, and can be absorbed or generated only as a whole. In this paper I wish to communicate my train of thought and present the facts that led me to this course, in the hope that the point of view to be elaborated may prove of use to some researchers in their investigations. 1. On a difficulty encountered in the theory of "black-body radiation" We shall begin by taking the standpoint of Maxwell's theory and the electron theory and consider the following case. Consider a space enclosed by completely reflecting walls containing a number of gas molecules and electrons that move freely and exert conservative forces on each other when they come very close to each other, i.e. They can collide like gas molecules according to the kinetic theory of gasses. Suppose, further, that a number of electrons are bound to points in space which are very far from each other, by forces that are directed toward these points and are proportional to the elongations from the points. These electrons, too, shall enter into conservative interactions with the free molecules and electrons when the latter come very close to them. We call the electrons bound to the points in space "resonators"; they emit and absorb electromagnetic waves of definite periods. According to the present view about the origin of light, the radiation in the space considered, found for the case of dynamic equilibrium on the basis of Maxwell's theory, must be identical with "black-body radiation" - at least if one assumes that resonators of all the relevant frequencies are present For the time being, we disregard the radiation emitted and absorbed by the resonators and look for the condition for dynamic equilibrium corresponding to the interaction (collisions) of molecules and electrons. For such an equilibrium, the kinetic theory of gasses provides the condition that the mean kinetic energy of a resonator electron must be equal to the mean kinetic energy of the progressive motion of a gas molecule. If we resolve the motion of the resonator electron into three mutually perpendicular oscillatory motions, we find for the mean value E of the energy of such a linear oscillatory motion.
